---
layout: post
title: "Minecraft Star Edition 0.3"
---

**Changelog:**<br>
\* Changed sheep wool probabilities and colors: 65% White, 15% Light grey, 15% Dark grey, 5% Spring Green, 0.25% Rose.<br>
\* Slowed down paxels a bit for rebalancing.<br>
\* Minor and major bugfixes.<br>
\* Added Alternative Carpet dyeing.<br>
\* Added Alternative Sticky Piston creation.<br>
\* Reverted the fireball texture from a snowball.<br>
\* Backported the Brewing Stand requiring Blaze Powder.<br>
\* Backported the Enchanting Table requiring Lapis Lazuli.<br>
\* Added the 'Spelunker's Chest'.<br>
\* Monsters now drop a 'Monster Key' in certain conditions to open The Spelunker's Chest.<br>
\* Certain World Generated Chests now have a chance to have pre-written books.<br>
\* Librarians now have a chance to sell pre-written books.<br>
\* Armor display is now on the right if hunger is not enabled.<br>
\* Minecarts now damage entities and slow down on collision.<br>
\* Wheat crops now have a 30% chance of dropping seeds.<br>
\* Added World Saving indicator in the in-game menu.<br>
\* Leather and chainmail armor no longer weighs down the player in water.<br>
\* Reimplemented the monoliths from alpha (0.0122% per chunk).<br>
\* Implemented floating islands (0.098% in Ocean biomes, 0.039% in Lowland, 0.0217% in other biomes).<br>
\* Implemented a Stamina bar.<br>
\* Hunger and Stamina are now affected by the Blood Moon event.<br>
\* Implemented new game soundtracks.<br>
\* Added new 'dog' Record.<br>
\* Added new entries to some languages.<br>
\* Removed most languages (We are now looking for translators!).<br>
\* Implemented 'Generator Options' and 'Advanced World Options' in World creation menu.<br>
\* Capes are now URL-based.<br>
\* Made Spruce leaves appear white in snow biomes.<br>
\* Replaced Copper placeholder textures with original ones.<br>
\* Retouched Cape designs.<br>

**GET THE SERVER RELEASE:**<br>

Cross-platform server jar:<br>
\* [Minecraft server jar](https://github.com/star-edition/star_edition-piston-meta/raw/master/0.3/star_edition0.3_server.jar)<br>